Update batch example (#1129)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/run-jobs-batch.mdx

The following example shows how you can divide up a long list of circuits into multiple jobs and run them as a batch to take advantage of the parallel processing.

```python
from qiskit_ibm_runtime import SamplerV2 as Sampler, Batch

> max_circuits = 100

Reviewer: This suggestion splits up the partitioning from the Batch/Sampler code. It tries to make it more clear what's going on.

```suggestion
max_circuits = 100
all_partitioned_circuits = []
for i in range(0, len(max_circuits), max_circuits):
    all_partitioned_circuits.append(circuits[i : i + max_circuits])
```

Jessie, I intentionally use a for loop rather than list comprehension to be more readable to non-Python experts.

Reviewer 2: This line `for i in range(0, len(max_circuits), max_circuits):` should be 

`for i in range(0, len(circuits), max_circuits):`

> max_circuits = 100

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
max_circuits = 100
all_partitioned_circuits = []
for i in range(0, len(circuits), max_circuits):
    all_partitioned_circuits.append(circuits[i : i + max_circuits])
```

jobs = []
start_idx = 0

> with Batch(backend):
>     sampler = Sampler()    
>     while start_idx < len(circuits):
>         end_idx = start_idx + max_circuits  
>         jobs.append(sampler.run([circuits[start_idx:end_idx]]))
>         start_idx = end_idx

Reviewer 2: Sorry I gave you bad code

```suggestion
with Batch(backend=backend):
    sampler = Sampler()    
    while start_idx < len(circuits):
        end_idx = start_idx + max_circuits  
        jobs.append(sampler.run(circuits[start_idx:end_idx]))
        start_idx = end_idx
```

>         start_idx = end_idx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with Batch(backend):
    sampler = Sampler()    
    for partitioned_circuits in all_partitioned_circuits:
        job = sampler.run(partioned_circuits)
        jobs.append(job)
```

> with Batch(backend=backend):
>     sampler = Sampler()    
>     while start_idx < len(circuits):
>         end_idx = start_idx + max_circuits  
>         jobs.append(sampler.run(circuits[start_idx:end_idx]))
>         start_idx = end_idx

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with Batch(backend=backend):
    sampler = Sampler()    
    for partitioned_circuits in all_partitioned_circuits:
        job = sampler.run(partitioned_circuits)
        jobs.append(job)
```
